Update Istio readme and app-readme (#1479)
rancher/charts: packages/rancher-istio/charts/README.md

> # Rancher Istio Installers

Reviewer: Asking again to see if we can remove this. If not its ok.

Reviewer: We should split them up so its not duplicated.

Author: My most recent commit removes duplicate information - I put the info about installing, uninstall and configuration in the readme and deprecations and know issues in the app-readme

# Rancher-Istio Chart

> A Rancher created chart that packages the istioctl binary to install via a helm chart.

Reviewer: lets copy the other one here
```suggestion
Rancher's Istio installer wraps the istioctl binary commands in a handy helm chart, including an overlay file option to allow complex customization.
```

Author: I have copied this over in the latest commits.

####  Prometheus Configuration for Kiali
> **Note:** The following configuration options assume you have installed the dependecies for Kiali. Please ensure you have Promtheus in your cluster before proceeding.

The Rancher Monitoring app sets `prometheus.prometheusSpec.ignoreNamespaceSelectors=false` which means all namespaces will be scraped by Prometheus by default. This ensures you can view traffic, metrics and graphs for resources deployed in other namespaces.

To limit scraping to specific namespaces, set `prometheus.prometheusSpec.ignoreNamespaceSelectors=true` and add one of the following configurations to ensure you can continue to view traffic, metrics and graphs for your deployed resources. 

1. Add a Service Monitor or Pod Monitor in the namespace with the targets you want to scrape.
1. Add an additionalScrapeConfig to your rancher-monitoring instance to scrape all targets in all namespaces.

####  Kiali External Services

> See the app-readme.md for configuration options. 

Reviewer: Is this true ? I don't see them in there, if its the docs link we should just link that here.

Author: this was left behind when I was moving stuff around - good catch - it has been removed in the latest commits.

```
The url depends on the default values for `namespaceOverride`, and `.Values.service.externalPort` being set in your rancher-tracing or other tracing instance.

## Jaeger Addon

Jaeger allows you to trace and monitor distributed microservices.

> **Note:** This addon is using the all-in-one Jaeger installation which is not qualified for production. Use the [Jaeger Tracing](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/1.21/getting-started/) documentation to determine which installation you will need for your production needs.

## Known Issues

#### Airgapped Environments
If you are using this chart in an airgapped environment, you will not be able to upgrade. This is because the `istioctl` upgrade command reaches out to an external repo and it is not configurable. We are tracking the fix for this issue [here](https://github.com/rancher/rancher/issues/33402)

## Chart Deprecations

> #### v1alpha1 security policies

Reviewer: This is a ton of info, let's either post this in the rancher docs or the issue, and just link out to them. We want to keep the app-readme clean and small. If istio has these docs available we could also use those.

Author: this has been cleaned up in the most recent commits.
